clarify step 1 only problem, no proposal (#47)
mozilla/explainers: README.md

Start your explainer with at least:

0. a short name for the feature, which will be used for the directory/repository for your explainer; use all lowercase short names with hyphens for separators

> 1. user problem(s) to be solved (with a new standard), at least a one sentence description. Only the problem description, no proposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. user problem(s) to be solved (with a new standard), at least a one sentence description. Only the problem description, no proposed solution.
```
